Typhoon Mangkhut Updates: Storm Slams into the Philippines - New York Times: New York Times Typhoon Mangkhut Updates: Storm Slams into the Philippines New York Times Super Typhoon Manghut slammed into the Philippines early Saturday after thousands of…
Trump creates political storm with false claim on Puerto Rico hurricane death toll - Washington Post: Washington Post Trump creates political storm with false claim on Puerto Rico hurricane death toll Washington Post As Hurricane Florence churned toward…
Nikki Haley's View of New York Is Priceless. Her Curtains? $52701. - New York Times: New York Times Nikki Haley's View of New York Is Priceless. Her Curtains? $52701. New York Times WASHINGTON — The State Department spent $52,701 last year buying…
Fox News trolls Michael Avenatti during on-camera interview - Business Insider: Business Insider Fox News trolls Michael Avenatti during on-camera interview Business Insider Michael Avenatti, the attorney representing the adult-film actress Stormy…
Paul Manafort and special counsel close to deal for guilty plea - CNN: CNN Paul Manafort and special counsel close to deal for guilty plea CNN Washington (CNN) Paul Manafort, the former Trump campaign chairman embattled by criminal indictments, may no…
Elizabeth Smart fears for her safety if her kidnapper is released - CNN: CNN Elizabeth Smart fears for her safety if her kidnapper is released CNN (CNN) She knows it's a long shot, but Elizabeth Smart hopes officials will reconsider the decision to let…
Gas explosions, fires reported in Massachusetts towns - CNN: CNN Gas explosions, fires reported in Massachusetts towns CNN (CNN) Explosions and fires that rocked nearly 40 homes and businesses in three Massachusetts towns on Thursday may have resulted…
The New York Race for Trump to Watch Tonight? Not the Governor's - Bloomberg: Bloomberg The New York Race for Trump to Watch Tonight? Not the Governor's Bloomberg The gubernatorial primary between Cynthia Nixon and Andrew Cuomo has sucked up most of the…
A gunman kills 5 people in California before taking his own life, police say - CNN: CNN A gunman kills 5 people in California before taking his own life, police say CNN (CNN) A man killed his wife and four other people in shootings across three locations…
Russian men accused in spy poisoning say they visited Britain 'just as tourists' - Washington Post: Washington Post Russian men accused in spy poisoning say they visited Britain 'just as tourists' Washington Post MOSCOW — The two men named by Britain as…
McCain Family Slams GOP's Use Of Late Senator In Attack Ads - HuffPost: HuffPost McCain Family Slams GOP's Use Of Late Senator In Attack Ads HuffPost The family of the late Sen. John McCain said Wednesday it was “disappointed” that the lawmaker's image…
Gina Raimondo Turns Back Liberal Challenge in Rhode Island Governor's Primary - New York Times: New York Times Gina Raimondo Turns Back Liberal Challenge in Rhode Island Governor's Primary New York Times Gov. Gina Raimondo won her first term in 2014 with…
Cops: Dispute about boy may have led to fatal stabbing at Michigan high school - USA TODAY: USA TODAY Cops: Dispute about boy may have led to fatal stabbing at Michigan high school USA TODAY WARREN, Mich. – They were straight-A students and onetime…
US-China tariffs: The next round could hit your Fitbit, dishwasher, and garlic seasoning - CNN: CNN US-China tariffs: The next round could hit your Fitbit, dishwasher, and garlic seasoning CNN (CNN) American consumers may soon get a taste of the trade…
Apple just introduced a brand-new Apple Watch, the Apple Watch Series 4 - Business Insider: Business Insider Apple just introduced a brand-new Apple Watch, the Apple Watch Series 4 Business Insider Apple has announced the Apple Watch Series 4, a new…
Middle-class income rose above $61000 for the first time last year, US Census Bureau says - Washington Post: Washington Post Middle-class income rose above $61000 for the first time last year, US Census Bureau says Washington Post Middle-class income…
Last-minute leak is our first-ever live look at the new Apple Watch Series 4 design - BGR: BGR Last-minute leak is our first-ever live look at the new Apple Watch Series 4 design BGR The day Apple fans around the world have been waiting for has finally…
Cardinal Wuerl to Discuss His Resignation With Pope Francis - Wall Street Journal: Wall Street Journal Cardinal Wuerl to Discuss His Resignation With Pope Francis Wall Street Journal Cardinal Donald Wuerl, the archbishop of Washington, D.C., said Tuesday…
Woodward's grim portrait of Trump's White House gets a vote of confidence — via two non-denial denials - Washington Post: Washington Post Woodward's grim portrait of Trump's White House gets a vote of confidence — via two non-denial denials Washington…
Democratic senator releases document showing ICE got $9.8 million from FEMA - CNN: CNN Democratic senator releases document showing ICE got $9.8 million from FEMA CNN Washington (CNN) Sen. Jeff Merkley released a document Tuesday showing a transfer of…
