SpaceX Will Fly a Japanese Billionaire (and Artists, Too!) Around the Moon in 2023 -
Tornadoes rip through Virginia; one fatality reported - USA TODAY: USA TODAY Tornadoes rip through Virginia; one fatality reported USA TODAY Several tornadoes were reported Monday afternoon in central and southern Virginia, the Storm Prediction Center…
Emmy Awards 2018: Colin Jost and Michael Che host, while 'Game of Thrones,' SNL aim to win big - Washington Post: Washington Post Emmy Awards 2018: Colin Jost and Michael Che host, while 'Game of Thrones,' SNL aim to win big Washington Post The 2018 Emmy…
Brett Kavanaugh and His Accuser Say They're Willing to Testify - New York Times: New York Times Brett Kavanaugh and His Accuser Say They're Willing to Testify New York Times WASHINGTON — President Trump's Supreme Court nominee, Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh,…
Historic Kim Summit May Make or Break Moon's Presidency - Bloomberg: Bloomberg Historic Kim Summit May Make or Break Moon's Presidency Bloomberg Moon Jae-in has more than world peace riding on a successful summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un this…
GOP, White House fret about election prospects - Minneapolis Star Tribune: Chicago Tribune GOP, White House fret about election prospects Minneapolis Star Tribune WASHINGTON — The prognosis for President Donald Trump and his party was grim. In a…
ICE officer arrested on sodomy charges in Jackson County -
Juan David Ortiz, US Border Patrol agent in Texas, charged in 2-week killing spree - WLS-TV: WLS-TV Juan David Ortiz, US Border Patrol agent in Texas, charged in 2-week killing spree WLS-TV Texas authorities charged a U.S. Border Patrol supervisor with…
Vontae Davis had a good reason for retiring at halftime of the Bills game - SB Nation: SB Nation Vontae Davis had a good reason for retiring at halftime of the Bills game SB Nation The Buffalo Bills are really bad, but that's not the reason Vontae Davis…
Shark attacks and kills a man who was boogie-boarding at a Cape Cod beach - Washington Post: Washington Post Shark attacks and kills a man who was boogie-boarding at a Cape Cod beach Washington Post A man died Saturday afternoon from injuries suffered…
Trump is 'likely' to announce $200 billion of new China tariffs as early as Monday - Business Insider: Business Insider Trump is 'likely' to announce $200 billion of new China tariffs as early as Monday Business Insider WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US…
Manafort's guilty plea exposes hardball tactics he used to thrive in Washington swamp - Washington Post: Washington Post Manafort's guilty plea exposes hardball tactics he used to thrive in Washington swamp Washington Post Before he was Donald Trump's…
Texas Board of Ed votes to remove Hillary Clinton, Helen Keller from social studies curriculum - FOX 10 News Phoenix: FOX 10 News Phoenix Texas Board of Ed votes to remove Hillary Clinton, Helen Keller from social studies curriculum FOX 10 News Phoenix…
Just after 4:30, the Lawrence police radio sounded: 'All right, get every civilian out of this area.' - The Boston Globe: The Boston Globe Just after 4:30, the Lawrence police radio sounded: 'All right, get every civilian out of this area.' The Boston…
Trump, Pompeo bash ex-Secretary of State John Kerry on Iran talks -
Mom, honored by Trump after MS-13 murdered her daughter, was killed by SUV at girl's memorial site - USA TODAY: USA TODAY Mom, honored by Trump after MS-13 murdered her daughter, was killed by SUV at girl's memorial site USA TODAY NEW YORK (AP) — A…
A solar observatory in New Mexico is evacuated for a week and the FBI is investigating. No one will say why. - Washington Post: Washington Post A solar observatory in New Mexico is evacuated for a week and the FBI is investigating. No one will say why.…
Willie Nelson is playing a political concert for Beto O'Rourke. Some fans are abandoning him. - Washington Post: Washington Post Willie Nelson is playing a political concert for Beto O'Rourke. Some fans are abandoning him. Washington Post Updated and…
US-China trade friction could be ugly until after election - CNBC: CNBC US-China trade friction could be ugly until after election CNBC No real improvement in the trade tensions between the U.S. and China is expected until after mid-term elections. Even…
Kavanaugh Classmate Named in Letter Strongly Denies Allegations of Misconduct - The Weekly Standard: The Weekly Standard Kavanaugh Classmate Named in Letter Strongly Denies Allegations of Misconduct The Weekly Standard On Friday morning, The New Yorker's…
