You Can't Bribe Susan Collins - Wall Street Journal: Wall Street Journal You Can't Bribe Susan Collins Wall Street Journal After the undignified theatrics at Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation hearings last week, it was hard to imagine that the opposition to…
Trump's previously announced visit to Ireland in question - CNN: CNN Trump's previously announced visit to Ireland in question CNN Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump's planned trip to Ireland in November is now in question after the Irish government…
Here's What to Watch in New Hampshire's Primary Election - New York Times: New York Times Here's What to Watch in New Hampshire's Primary Election New York Times Chris Sununu, a Republican and one of the most popular governors in the country, is regarded…
First two US troops from North Korean remains identified - Reuters: Reuters First two US troops from North Korean remains identified Reuters JOINT BASE PEARL HARBOR-HICKAM (Reuters) - The U.S. military has identified the first two American troops from 55…
In Florida, DeSantis Hopes to Woo Latinos — Not Just Cubans — by Denouncing 'Socialism' - New York Times: New York Times In Florida, DeSantis Hopes to Woo Latinos — Not Just Cubans — by Denouncing 'Socialism' New York Times Ron DeSantis, the Republican…
Trump's Bungled Twitter Attack on Obama -
Dallas Officer Who Killed Man in His Own Home Says He Ignored Her Commands - New York Times: New York Times Dallas Officer Who Killed Man in His Own Home Says He Ignored Her Commands New York Times A Dallas police officer who fatally shot her neighbor in…
What will Hurricane Florence mean for the Washington area? - Washington Post: Washington Post What will Hurricane Florence mean for the Washington area? Washington Post Washington is waterlogged, and the last thing it needs is a hurricane deluge and…
'He did change the course of the match': Novak Djokovic sides with Serena Williams in US Open incident - Washington Post: Washington Post 'He did change the course of the match': Novak Djokovic sides with Serena Williams in US Open incident Washington…
Liz Peek: Angry Obama still doesn't get it as he hits the campaign trail - Fox News: Fox News Liz Peek: Angry Obama still doesn't get it as he hits the campaign trail Fox News President Obama is mighty confused. In a fiery campaign speech at the…
White House expected to warn of sanctions, other penalties if international court moves against Americans - Washington Post: Washington Post White House expected to warn of sanctions, other penalties if international court moves against Americans…
Aaron Rodgers completes Packers' wild comeback vs. Bears after returning from injury - USA TODAY: USA TODAY Aaron Rodgers completes Packers' wild comeback vs. Bears after returning from injury USA TODAY GREEN BAY — Just over nine minutes of game action…
White House expected to warn of sanctions, other penalties if international court moves against Americans - Washington Post: Washington Post White House expected to warn of sanctions, other penalties if international court moves against Americans…
Paris knife attacker injures seven - BBC News: BBC News Paris knife attacker injures seven BBC News Seven people have been injured, four seriously, in an attack by a man armed with a knife and an iron bar in the French capital, Paris, police say. The…
Jeff Sessions Was 'Enthusiastic' About President Trump-Putin Meeting, Former Aide Says - TIME: TIME Jeff Sessions Was 'Enthusiastic' About President Trump-Putin Meeting, Former Aide Says TIME A foreign-policy adviser to Donald Trump's 2016 campaign said…
The Latest: Exit poll has Swedish ruling party leading - Washington Post: Washington Post The Latest: Exit poll has Swedish ruling party leading Washington Post STOCKHOLM — The Latest on Sweden's general election (all times local):. 8:05 p.m.. An exit…
Pence says he never discussed removing Trump from office - Washington Post: Washington Post Pence says he never discussed removing Trump from office Washington Post Vice President Pence said he was never part of discussions to remove President Trump from…
The Meaning Behind 5 of Popular Rosh Hashanah Traditions - TIME: TIME The Meaning Behind 5 of Popular Rosh Hashanah Traditions TIME Rosh Hashanah ushers in the beginning of the Jewish year and is a holiday that celebrates the creation of the world,…
Trump administration met with, but rebuffed, Venezuelan officers who said they were plotting a coup, officials say - Washington Post: Washington Post Trump administration met with, but rebuffed, Venezuelan officers who said they were plotting a coup,…
North Korea celebrates 70th birthday with parade — but doesn't show off ICBMs - Washington Post: Washington Post North Korea celebrates 70th birthday with parade — but doesn't show off ICBMs Washington Post TOKYO — North Korea celebrated the 70th…
