20 Dead in Limousine Crash in Upstate New York - New York Times: New York Times 20 Dead in Limousine Crash in Upstate New York New York Times A two-vehicle collision involving a limousine has left 20 dead in upstate New York, the New York State Police…
Press freedom groups urge Saudi Arabia to account for Jamal Khashoggi's whereabouts amid claims he was murdered - Washington Post: Washington Post Press freedom groups urge Saudi Arabia to account for Jamal Khashoggi's whereabouts amid claims he was…
Yankees' Gary Sanchez silences Red Sox with 479-foot blast - ESPN: ESPN Yankees' Gary Sanchez silences Red Sox with 479-foot blast ESPN BOSTON -- Forty years to the day after New York Yankees catching legend Thurman Munson launched a pivotal, go-ahead…
The Trump Trade Strategy Is Coming Into Focus. That Doesn't Necessarily Mean It Will Work. - New York Times: New York Times The Trump Trade Strategy Is Coming Into Focus. That Doesn't Necessarily Mean It Will Work. New York Times Anyone who has been…
Mississippi high school band criticized for halftime performance featuring fake guns - Yahoo Sports: Yahoo Sports Mississippi high school band criticized for halftime performance featuring fake guns Yahoo Sports A Mississippi high school marching band…
Swastikas painted on Northern Virginia Jewish community center - Washington Post: Washington Post Swastikas painted on Northern Virginia Jewish community center Washington Post For the second time in 18 months, a Jewish community center in Fairfax County…
Banksy Painting Self-Destructs After Fetching $1.4 Million at Sotheby's - New York Times: New York Times Banksy Painting Self-Destructs After Fetching $1.4 Million at Sotheby's New York Times LONDON — The British street artist Banksy pulled off one of…
Secretary Of State Mike Pompeo's Asia Trip Is Underway - NPR: NPR Secretary Of State Mike Pompeo's Asia Trip Is Underway NPR Secretary of State Mike Pompeo's trip to Asia has begun. Pompeo will be in Tokyo Saturday and Sunday and has already met with…
Twitter mocks Melania Trump's outfit in Egypt, compares her to Michael Jackson, Carmen Sandiego - USA TODAY: USA TODAY Twitter mocks Melania Trump's outfit in Egypt, compares her to Michael Jackson, Carmen Sandiego USA TODAY After facing criticism for a…
Chance of tropical depression developing in Gulf has increased -
Christine Blasey Ford ex-boyfriend says she helped friend prep for potential polygraph; Grassley sounds alarm - Fox News: Fox News Christine Blasey Ford ex-boyfriend says she helped friend prep for potential polygraph; Grassley sounds alarm Fox News 'The…
Chris Sale helps deliver crucial Game 1 win for Red Sox; now it's David Price's turn - ESPN: ESPN Chris Sale helps deliver crucial Game 1 win for Red Sox; now it's David Price's turn ESPN BOSTON -- This is postseason baseball. You hope for your stars to…
Trump boards Air Force One with toilet paper in tow. (Or was it a napkin?) - Washington Post: Washington Post Trump boards Air Force One with toilet paper in tow. (Or was it a napkin?) Washington Post “Excuse me, Mr. President, I believe you have some…
Genetic genealogy, police work credited with solving 1998 murders of woman and 12-year-old daughter - ABC News: ABC News Genetic genealogy, police work credited with solving 1998 murders of woman and 12-year-old daughter ABC News Authorities in Missouri…
Woman upset with boyfriend set bedsheets on fire igniting blaze that displaced 130 people, officials say - Washington Post: Washington Post Woman upset with boyfriend set bedsheets on fire igniting blaze that displaced 130 people, officials say…
Live updates: Verdict to be announced about 1:45 pm in trial of Chicago police Officer Jason Van Dyke - Chicago Tribune: Chicago Tribune Live updates: Verdict to be announced about 1:45 pm in trial of Chicago police Officer Jason Van Dyke Chicago Tribune…
Melania Trump promotes US agency, Trump wants to cut funding - Washington Post: Washington Post Melania Trump promotes US agency, Trump wants to cut funding Washington Post LILONGWE, Malawi — Melania Trump spent Thursday in southern Africa promoting the…
The Head of Interpol Is Missing After a Trip to China - TIME: TIME The Head of Interpol Is Missing After a Trip to China TIME The president of the International Criminal Police Organization (Interpol) has been reported missing after a trip to China,…
This 8-Year-Old Girl Pulled a Pre-Viking-Era Sword From a Lake in Sweden - TIME: TIME This 8-Year-Old Girl Pulled a Pre-Viking-Era Sword From a Lake in Sweden TIME While swimming on her summer vacation, an eight-year-old girl wrested what she thought was…
Rifts Break Open at Facebook Over Kavanaugh Hearing - New York Times: New York Times Rifts Break Open at Facebook Over Kavanaugh Hearing New York Times SAN FRANCISCO — “I want to apologize,” the Facebook executive wrote last Friday in a note to staff. “I…
