Have DMV wait times dropped? California agency says yes - The Mercury News: The Mercury News Have DMV wait times dropped? California agency says yes The Mercury News SACRAMENTO (AP) — California Department of Motor Vehicles wait times improved by an…
Rightwing author Jerome Corsi subpoenaed in Mueller investigation - The Guardian: The Guardian Rightwing author Jerome Corsi subpoenaed in Mueller investigation The Guardian Conspiracy theorist and associate of Trump adviser Roger Stone will cooperate in…
Emirates plane briefly quarantined at John F. Kennedy airport after 19 passengers are deemed sick - USA TODAY: USA TODAY Emirates plane briefly quarantined at John F. Kennedy airport after 19 passengers are deemed sick USA TODAY An Emirates airline…
Man Repeatedly Crashes Truck Into Dallas TV Station's Building - New York Times: New York Times Man Repeatedly Crashes Truck Into Dallas TV Station's Building New York Times A man repeatedly rammed a pickup truck into the building of a Dallas television…
South Korean envoys hold first talks in North after US halted Pompeo visit - Washington Post: Washington Post South Korean envoys hold first talks in North after US halted Pompeo visit Washington Post TOKYO — South Korea sent a team of envoys to North…
Ayanna Pressley Upsets Capuano in Massachusetts House Race - New York Times: New York Times Ayanna Pressley Upsets Capuano in Massachusetts House Race New York Times BOSTON — Ayanna Pressley upended the Massachusetts political order on Tuesday, scoring a…
Body of missing 2-year-old Florida boy found in wooded area, mother charged with murder - ABC News: ABC News Body of missing 2-year-old Florida boy found in wooded area, mother charged with murder ABC News A 2-year-old boy who went missing in Florida has…
Facebook and Twitter Have a Message for Lawmakers: We're Trying - New York Times: New York Times Facebook and Twitter Have a Message for Lawmakers: We're Trying New York Times WASHINGTON — For months, Facebook, Twitter and Google have grappled with…
A Familiar Republican Face Will Replace John McCain in the Senate - The Atlantic: The Atlantic A Familiar Republican Face Will Replace John McCain in the Senate The Atlantic The Republican majority in the Senate is back to full strength following the…
The Deafening Silence of Colin Kaepernick - New York Times: New York Times The Deafening Silence of Colin Kaepernick New York Times A tall, unemployed man took his niece to see Serena and Venus Williams play each other at the United States Open on Friday…
Tropical Storm Gordon roars toward Gulf Coast, expected to make landfall as a hurricane - USA TODAY: USA TODAY Tropical Storm Gordon roars toward Gulf Coast, expected to make landfall as a hurricane USA TODAY Schools were closing and states of emergency…
“This Is Unfortunate”: The Starr Report, Celebrating Its 20th Anniversary, Was the Prologue to the Trump Age - Vanity Fair: Vanity Fair “This Is Unfortunate”: The Starr Report, Celebrating Its 20th Anniversary, Was the Prologue to the Trump Age Vanity…
Open Warfare Erupts Between NBC News and Ronan Farrow - New York Times: New York Times Open Warfare Erupts Between NBC News and Ronan Farrow New York Times The discord between NBC News and Ronan Farrow went public on Monday night. At 7 p.m., Andrew Lack,…
'Who do they think they are?': Onlookers gather in Park Ridge, question Kennedy Expressway anti-violence protest - Chicago Tribune: Chicago Tribune 'Who do they think they are?': Onlookers gather in Park Ridge, question Kennedy Expressway anti-violence…
Joe Biden Was Spotted Running and Everyone Made the Same Joke - TIME: TIME Joe Biden Was Spotted Running and Everyone Made the Same Joke TIME Former Vice President Joe Biden was spotted running in Pittsburgh on Monday, and the internet couldn't resist…
Trump Blasts Sessions for Charging GOP Members Before Midterms - New York Times: New York Times Trump Blasts Sessions for Charging GOP Members Before Midterms New York Times WASHINGTON — President Trump on Monday attacked Jeff Sessions, his attorney…
Two Reuters journalists jailed in Myanmar: A poor rice farmer's son and a poet - CNN: CNN Two Reuters journalists jailed in Myanmar: A poor rice farmer's son and a poet CNN (CNN) Wa Lone, one of the two Reuters journalists sentenced to seven years prison…
The 10 most important Senate elections, briefly explained - Vox: Vox The 10 most important Senate elections, briefly explained Vox The candidates for the most competitive Senate elections in the 2018 midterms are now set, and while Democrats will need a…
Democrats Aim to Derail Kavanaugh With Eye on Abortion, Mueller - Bloomberg: Bloomberg Democrats Aim to Derail Kavanaugh With Eye on Abortion, Mueller Bloomberg Democrats will have plenty of material to draw upon when they question U.S. Supreme Court…
What Did You Miss? What Brexit Did When Europe Hit the Beach - Bloomberg: Bloomberg What Did You Miss? What Brexit Did When Europe Hit the Beach Bloomberg Tuned out of Brexit over the summer? Now's time to tune back in. With November emerging as the new…
