Fairness For Christine Blasey Ford - Forbes: Forbes Fairness For Christine Blasey Ford Forbes What would be a fair hearing process for Christine Blasey Ford? Since Blasey Ford went public with her accusations against Supreme Court nominee Judge Brett…
Trump identifies Korean War soldiers whose remains were returned by North Korea - CNBC: CNBC Trump identifies Korean War soldiers whose remains were returned by North Korea CNBC President Donald Trump on Thursday identified the names of two U.S. soldiers…
Woman who dated prominent doctor accused of multiple rapes: 'He had no concept of no' - ABC News: ABC News Woman who dated prominent doctor accused of multiple rapes: 'He had no concept of no' ABC News Lauren Hayden said she sensed something was wrong…
One Year After Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico's Businesses Are Regrouping--and Preparing for the Next Disaster -
China has the ultimate weapon in trade war with US - New York Post: New York Post China has the ultimate weapon in trade war with US New York Post Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said something the other day that was either right on the mark or profoundly…
Man Shoots 4 People Near Pennsylvania Court, Then Is Killed by Police - New York Times: New York Times Man Shoots 4 People Near Pennsylvania Court, Then Is Killed by Police New York Times A man walked into a municipal building south of Pittsburgh on…
A surgeon, not to mention 'Bachelor of the Year' and reality TV show date, is accused of drugging, raping women - Washington Post: Washington Post A surgeon, not to mention 'Bachelor of the Year' and reality TV show date, is accused of drugging, raping…
Licensed Practical Nurse, LPN- Creekside Pediatrics: Job ID 2018-14785 Position Type Full-Time Department Creekside Pediatrics Facility WellStar Medical Group Category WellStar Medical Group City Douglasville Shift Days State Georgia Overview At WellStar…
Speech Language Pathologist (SLP) – SNF Week Contract: A great Skilled Nursing Facility (SNF) is looking for an experienced Speech Language Pathologist / SLP to join their growing team for a 13 week contract! Candidate must be an SLP-CCC. The Speech…
How Markets Might React to a Surprise Republican Election Sweep - Bloomberg: Bloomberg How Markets Might React to a Surprise Republican Election Sweep Bloomberg With just 11 days to go till the midterm elections, analysts have started considering the…
Nurse Practitioner, NP Specialty or Physician Assistant 1, 2…: SunIRef:GP Nurse Practitioner, NP Specialty or Physician Assistant 1, 2, 3, or PA Specialty – Georgia – ********** Find Jobs Company Reviews Find Salaries Find Resumes Employers / Post Job…
Dialysis Patient Care Technician (experience preferred): Patient Care Technician (PCT) Our Patient Care Technicians (PCTs) play a vital role for our patients and their families. As part of our professional team of clinicians, you will be responsible for…
Here's what every major analyst had to say about Amazon's plunge: 'Wait for the dust to settle' - CNBC: CNBC Here's what every major analyst had to say about Amazon's plunge: 'Wait for the dust to settle' CNBC Amazon's stock was diving Friday, a day…
Faculty Positions in Biomedical Engineering at Georgia Tech / Emory University School of Medicine: The Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering of the Georgia Tech College of Engineering and Emory University School of Medicine (Atlanta,…
Registered Nurse RN – ED: Job ID 2018-19463 Position Type Full-Time Department Emergency Department Facility WellStar West Georgia Medical Center Category Nursing: Direct Care City LaGrange Shift Days State Georgia Overview At WellStar we all share…
Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN): Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN) Aveanna Healthcare, the largest home health care company in the U.S., is hiring compassionate Licensed Practical Nurses (LPN) to provide skilled nursing care to patients in the home setting.…
Warning to Trump: Caravan focus could backfire and cost Republicans in the midterms - USA TODAY: USA TODAY Warning to Trump: Caravan focus could backfire and cost Republicans in the midterms USA TODAY An invasion is when people storm your borders to do…
Physical Therapist: A great Skilled Nursing Facility (SNF) is looking for an experienced or newly graduated Physical Therapist / PT to join their growing team! The Physical Therapist / PT is responsible for the assessment of referred patients that…
LPN: We are teammates. Have a dramatic impact on patients and their families by ensuring the compassionate, professional delivery of all dialysis-related nursing services in an outpatient setting. You will provide the highest level of care to our…
Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN): Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN) Aveanna Healthcare, the largest home health care company in the U.S., is hiring compassionate Licensed Practical Nurses (LPN) to provide skilled nursing care to patients in the home setting.…
