'The trauma for a man': Male fury and fear rises in GOP in defense of Kavanaugh - Washington Post: Washington Post 'The trauma for a man': Male fury and fear rises in GOP in defense of Kavanaugh Washington Post The sexual assault allegations against…
Ex-Kavanaugh classmate wants FBI to examine texts related to Ramirez allegations: report - The Hill: The Hill Ex-Kavanaugh classmate wants FBI to examine texts related to Ramirez allegations: report The Hill A mutual friend of Supreme Court nominee Brett…
Chinese warship nearly hits US destroyer in South China Sea near disputed islands - Washington Post: Washington Post Chinese warship nearly hits US destroyer in South China Sea near disputed islands Washington Post BEIJING — China accused the United…
Greg Abbott takes aim at Beto O'Rourke in Fox &amp; Friends appearance - Austin American-Statesman: Austin American-Statesman Greg Abbott takes aim at Beto O'Rourke in Fox &amp; Friends appearance Austin American-Statesman Gov. Greg Abbott on Monday compared…
'You're not thinking. You never do,' Trump tells a female reporter - Washington Post: Washington Post 'You're not thinking. You never do,' Trump tells a female reporter Washington Post It was supposed to be a triumphant Rose Garden news conference for…
Rosa and non-tropical storm to deliver dangerous flooding, drought-busting rain in southwestern US -
Trump presents Medal of Honor to Army medic Staff Sgt. Ronald Shurer - CBS News: CBS News Trump presents Medal of Honor to Army medic Staff Sgt. Ronald Shurer CBS News Last Updated Oct 1, 2018 3:26 PM EDT. President Trump awarded the Congressional Medal…
Scenes of Horror &amp; Heroism: 1 Year Later, How Survivors and Victims' Loved Ones Described Vegas Massacre -
Bernie Sanders: FBI Must Determine If Kavanaugh Told The Truth Under Oath - HuffPost: HuffPost Bernie Sanders: FBI Must Determine If Kavanaugh Told The Truth Under Oath HuffPost Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT.) has called on Judiciary Committee head Sen.…
Koreas Start Clearing Land Mines at DMZ in Effort to Ease Tensions - New York Times: New York Times Koreas Start Clearing Land Mines at DMZ in Effort to Ease Tensions New York Times SEOUL, South Korea — Army engineers from North and South Korea began…
Why North Koreans are now more willing to stay than defect to the South -
California becomes first state to require a woman on corporate boards - The Mercury News: The Mercury News California becomes first state to require a woman on corporate boards The Mercury News Gov. Jerry Brown on Sunday signed a bill making California…
New England Patriots vs. Miami Dolphins: Preview, pick, time, channel, statistics to know for AFC East showdown -
3 dead after car explosion; perpetrator 'probably killed' - Fox News: Fox News 3 dead after car explosion; perpetrator 'probably killed' Fox News ALLENTOWN, Pa. – A car explosion that rocked downtown Allentown left three males dead, including the likely…
Mitchell Trubisky had the best day ever for a Bears QB - SB Nation: SB Nation Mitchell Trubisky had the best day ever for a Bears QB SB Nation Mitchell Trubisky had a rocky second year, but he caught fire on Sunday against the Buccaneers. And he did a…
Maddox Ritch's Father Grieves Death of 6-Year-Old: 'I Found Out I'm Not a Dad Anymore' - Inside Edition: Inside Edition Maddox Ritch's Father Grieves Death of 6-Year-Old: 'I Found Out I'm Not a Dad Anymore' Inside Edition The father of Maddox Ritch is…
Willie Nelson lends power of his legend to Beto O'Rourke on Texas stage - The Guardian: The Guardian Willie Nelson lends power of his legend to Beto O'Rourke on Texas stage The Guardian Willie Nelson took to the stage in Austin on Saturday night wearing…
Hurricane Rosa's remnants likely to bring widespread heavy rain, flash flooding to southwest US - ABC News: ABC News Hurricane Rosa's remnants likely to bring widespread heavy rain, flash flooding to southwest US ABC News As forecast, Hurricane Rosa is…
North Korea Says It Will Disarm Only When US Regains Its Trust - Wall Street Journal: Wall Street Journal North Korea Says It Will Disarm Only When US Regains Its Trust Wall Street Journal UNITED NATIONS—North Korea's foreign minister told the U.N.…
Shark attack injures boy, 13, at Southern California beach - USA TODAY: USA TODAY Shark attack injures boy, 13, at Southern California beach USA TODAY A teenage boy was bitten by a shark early Saturday morning in Southern California as the boy…
