The Cardinals inexplicably took David Johnson off the field with game on the line - For The Win: For The Win The Cardinals inexplicably took David Johnson off the field with game on the line For The Win By all indications, the Arizona Cardinals are a bad…
Patriots nearly traded Rob Gronkowski to Lions in April - ESPN: ESPN Patriots nearly traded Rob Gronkowski to Lions in April ESPN New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski will face the Detroit Lions on Sunday night, but he could have been playing…
Internal GOP Poll: Pelosi Beats Trump in a Head-to-Head Matchup - Bloomberg: Bloomberg Internal GOP Poll: Pelosi Beats Trump in a Head-to-Head Matchup Bloomberg The Democratic leader is a frequent Republican target, but an RNC poll shows she's more…
The party of men: Kavanaugh fight risks worsening the Trump GOP's gender problem - Washington Post: Washington Post The party of men: Kavanaugh fight risks worsening the Trump GOP's gender problem Washington Post The Republican Party's fight to save…
For Nikki Haley, a lower profile as Trump heads back to the UN - Washington Post: Washington Post For Nikki Haley, a lower profile as Trump heads back to the UN Washington Post U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley quickly became one of the administration's most…
Former Trump Aide Jason Miller Accused of Secretly Administering Abortion Pill - Newsweek: Newsweek Former Trump Aide Jason Miller Accused of Secretly Administering Abortion Pill Newsweek Former Donald Trump aide Jason Miller has been accused of secretly…
'Master of the Self-Own': People wonder why Ted Cruz tweeted popular video of Beto O'Rourke - Washington Post: Washington Post 'Master of the Self-Own': People wonder why Ted Cruz tweeted popular video of Beto O'Rourke Washington Post Sen. Ted Cruz's…
Schumer and Hannity agree: Trump shouldn't fire Rosenstein - New York Post: New York Post Schumer and Hannity agree: Trump shouldn't fire Rosenstein New York Post Politics makes strange bedfellows, all right. Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer and right-wing…
The White House is considering an an antitrust investigation into 'online platform bias' at Google and Facebook - Business Insider Nordic: Business Insider Nordic The White House is considering an an antitrust investigation into 'online platform bias' at…
Disney and Fox Are Merging. Why Is Sky Still in Play? - Washington Post: Washington Post Disney and Fox Are Merging. Why Is Sky Still in Play? Washington Post What began as a simple bid in late 2016 by Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox Inc. for the part…
Trump Galvanized a Movement of Women. Kavanaugh Is Testing It. - New York Times: New York Times Trump Galvanized a Movement of Women. Kavanaugh Is Testing It. New York Times In his first appearance before the nation, Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh positioned…
Rosenstein Is Said to Have Discussed Invoking 25th Amendment Against Trump - Fortune: Fortune Rosenstein Is Said to Have Discussed Invoking 25th Amendment Against Trump Fortune Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein suggested to Justice Department…
Several killed, at least 20 injured in attack on military parade in Iran - Washington Post: Washington Post Several killed, at least 20 injured in attack on military parade in Iran Washington Post ISTANBUL — A group of gunmen opened fire on a military…
Minnesota Lawmaker Drops Re-Election Bid After Daughter Claims He Molested Her - HuffPost: HuffPost Minnesota Lawmaker Drops Re-Election Bid After Daughter Claims He Molested Her HuffPost A Minnesota state representative has abandoned his re-election bid…
Three Infants, Two Adults Stabbed at Possible Birthing Center in Queens - Wall Street Journal: Wall Street Journal Three Infants, Two Adults Stabbed at Possible Birthing Center in Queens Wall Street Journal New York City police are investigating the…
Dean Heller Calls Kavanaugh Allegation A 'Hiccup' To His Confirmation - HuffPost: HuffPost Dean Heller Calls Kavanaugh Allegation A 'Hiccup' To His Confirmation HuffPost Sen. Dean Heller of Nevada, a Republican facing a tough re-election fight in…
Flood Shuts Down NC Power Plant, Sweeps Waste Into River - Wall Street Journal: Wall Street Journal Flood Shuts Down NC Power Plant, Sweeps Waste Into River Wall Street Journal River flooding caused the shutdown Friday of a natural-gas plant near…
'Zombie Florence' Lurching off Bermuda Watched by Forecasters - Bloomberg: Bloomberg 'Zombie Florence' Lurching off Bermuda Watched by Forecasters Bloomberg Remnants of Hurricane Florence may be helping a “zombie” storm develop in the Atlantic Ocean near…
Browns' first win plus free beer leads to pandemonium in Cleveland and on Twitter -
US Hits Chinese Unit in New Phase of Sanctions on Russia - Wall Street Journal: Wall Street Journal US Hits Chinese Unit in New Phase of Sanctions on Russia Wall Street Journal WASHINGTON—The Trump administration imposed sanctions against a key Chinese…
