$ORC - 10-Q - The Trump administration did not appear to be making any progress with our trading partners even as it announced new tariffs on several occasions. -
$USIM5:BZ - Transcript - the sense, through the world, the world is being protective because of Trump. Trump has taken this line of action to find balance in terms of the competition of China and this behavior has reacted -- a reaction was protection. -
$ORC - Transcript - That all changed obviously in late 2016 when the Trump administration surprised the world and won. -
$ORC - Transcript - And basically, people started to fade the Trump optimism that we've seen. -
$ORC - Transcript - The Trump administration reached an agreement in principle with Mexico and by the end of the quarter with Canada. -
$ORC - Transcript - The first one was probably the developments with respect to a new NAFTA. The Trump administration reached an agreement in principle with Mexico and by the end of the quarter with Canada. -
$OPY - 10-Q - The Trump Administration has announced its intention to ease the regulatory burden on businesses. -
$FHB - 10-Q - Income TaxesOn December 22, 2017, President Trump signed into law the Tax Act. -
$DSL - PPT - -2016:oBrexit Vote (United Kingdom)oPresident Trump election (United States)-2017:oEmmanuel Macron election (France)oItalian Parliament dissolved by President Sergio Mattarella (Italy)-2018:oGeneral Elections (Mexico)o -
$DSL - PPT - -2016:oBrexit Vote (United Kingdom)oPresident Trump election (United States)-2017:oEmmanuel Macron election (France)oItalian Parliament dissolved by President Sergio Mattarella (Italy)-2018:oGeneral Elections (Mexico)o -
$DSL - PPT - -This model is now shifting as China is trying to move up the value chain through itsMadein China 2025initiative.Escalating TariffsPresident Trump started the year with broad tariffs on washing machines, solar panels,steel and -
$BIOCON:IN - Transcript - FDA about trying to reduce the role of middlemen in the supply chain and rebating changing things like that and some for the Coventry yesterday from -- or trip I guess from the Trump administration on working on drug pricing. -
$BIOCON:IN - Transcript - I think as Paul mentioned, I think there is an intention of the trump ministration to support biosimilar, and there are -- there has been statements made to the effect without clearly articulate its policy. -
$ORX:SS - Transcript - It has some dollars assign to it as well, at least Donald Trump cited $6 billion package that they are investing into this. -
$ORX:SS - Transcript - The keynote speaker for the will be the governor, Chris Christie, who has been leading the opioid commission for President Donald Trump. -
$ORX:SS - Transcript - Found in the right corner, you will see Chris Christie, who was actually the front runner appointed by Donald Trump, who leads opioid commission, back in 2016, '17. -
$ORX:SS - Transcript - And actually if you looked yesterday, there were some big bills signed by Donald Trump. -
$ORX:SS - Transcript - I listen to a speech by Donald Trump late yesterday evening and he actually referred to the -- (inaudible) Nebraska from 2 Chinese citizens that had enough Fentanyl to kill 26 million people. -
$ORX:SS - Transcript - It's not like that we are the only one who have seen this and I said yesterday evening, if I sound a little tired because I ended (inaudible) in front of the television looking at the speech by Melanie and Donald Trump about opioid -
$LPNT - 10-Q - Furthermore, on April 10, 2018, President Trump signed an executive order that, among other things, states that it is the policy of the federal government to reform the welfare system of the United States so that it empowers welfare -
