"The shock for a man": virile anger & Fear Rises in the GOP in Defense of Kavanaugh - WaPo: "One Man's Shock": Male Anger and Fear Rises within the GOP in Defense of Kavanaugh WaPo Texts on Ramírez Accusations: Report  The Hill: Kavanaugh's classmate needs FBI to examine texts related to Ramirez allegations The Hill friend of Supreme Court nominee Bret… Washington Post: Chinese warship nearly hits the United States destroyer in South China Sea around controversial islands Washington Post BEIJING - China accuses United… Greg Abbott Targets Beto ORourke on Fox & Friends - Austin American-Statesman Greg Abbott takes shots at ORourke on Fox & Friends appearance TX Gov. Greg Abbott compared Monday… “You don't think," Trump tells a woman Reporter Washington Post: Washington Post "You never think," said Trump, was supposed to be a triumphant press conference in the rose garden… Rosa and non-tropical storm to bring hazardous flooding & drought busting rain to the SW United States Ronald Shurer - CBS News: President Trump presents the Army Medical Sgt. Ronald Shurer Medal of Honor. Updated Oct. 1st 2018 Trump gave the Congressional Medal... Scenes of Horror and  Heroism: 1 year later, as survivors and loved ones of the victims described the Las Vegas massacre - HuffPost Bernie Sanders: FBI to witness if Kavanaugh swears the truth The FBI To Decide if Kavanaugh takes the truth to pieces Bernie Sanders (Independent-Vermont) has called the leader of the Judicial Committee Sen... the Koreas begin to restore the mines in the demilitarized zone in an attempt to relax tensions The NY Times- The two Koreas begin to clean up the demilitarized zone in order to ease tensions The NY Times Seoul, South Korea Military engineers from North Korea and South Korea ...
Why North Koreans are now more willing to stay in the North - California becomes first state to require boards of directors to include a female- Mercury News: Mercury News California becomes first state to require woman on corporate boards Mercury News Governor Jerry Brown signed a bill on Sunday that would force… the New England Patriots to face the Miami Dolphins: preview pick, time, channel, stats to know for AFC East showdown 3 killed after car explosion; perpetrator 'Maybe Killed' Fox News Allentown, dad - A car explosion that rocked downtown Allentown killed three men, potentially ... Mitchell Trubisky had the best day as Bears quarterback -SB Nation: National SB had Trubesky's best day yet as Bears quarterback SB and Mitchell Trubisky was a rough sophomore but ignited Sunday's game against the Buccaneers. He did it ... Maddox Ritch's father mourned the death of a six-year-old: “I found out I was no longer a father” – Inside Edition: Maddox Ritch's father mourned his death: “Find out that I am not a dad anymore" Maddox Ritch's... Willie Nelson transfers his legendary strength to O'Rourke on stage in Tx. The Guardian: Nelson transfers his legendary strength to Beto on stage in Texas Willie Nelson on stage in Austin Saturday night... Rosa may bring torrential rain and flash floods in the US southwest - ABC News: ABC News Hurricane Rosa's remnants likely to bring widespread heavy rain, flash flooding to southwestern United States Wall Street Journal: Wall Street North Korea says it will not disarm until the United States regains their confidence. North Korea abroad said the Minister of the United Nations. ...Boy injured in shark attack in Southern California, USA TODAY: 13 year-old attacked by shark
